[ACM-6678]: Node auto-scaling docs (#5440)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/node_autoscaling_hosted_cluster.adoc

[#enable-node-auto-scaling-hosted-cluster]
= Enabling node auto-scaling for the hosted cluster

> When you need more capacity in your hosted cluster and spare agents are available, you can enable auto-scaling to install new agents. 

Reviewer: This section is now generic and shouldn't mention agents.

```suggestion
When you need more capacity in your hosted cluster and spare agents are available, you can enable auto-scaling to install new worker nodes. 
```

> . To enable auto-scaling, enter the following command. In this case, the minimum number of nodes is 2, and the maximum number is 5. The maximum number of nodes that you can add is bound by the number of available agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To enable auto-scaling, enter the following command. In this case, the minimum number of nodes is 2, and the maximum is 5. The maximum number of nodes you can add may be bound by your platform, for example, available agents in the agent platform.
```

+
----
oc -n ${CLUSTERS_NAMESPACE} patch nodepool ${HOSTED_CLUSTER_NAME} --type=json -p '[{"op": "remove", "path": "/spec/replicas"},{"op":"add", "path": "/spec/autoScaling", "value": { "max": 5, "min": 2 }}]'
----

+

> If 10 minutes pass without requiring the additional capacity, the agent is decommissioned and placed in the spare queue again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If 10 minutes pass without requiring the additional capacity, the worker node is removed.  In the agent platform, the agent is decommissioned and can be reused.
```

    matchLabels:
      app: reversewords
  strategy: {}
  template:
    metadata:
      creationTimestamp: null
      labels:
        app: reversewords
  spec:
    containers:
    - image: quay.io/mavazque/reversewords:latest
      name: reversewords
      resources:
        requests:
          memory: 2Gi
status: {}
----

.. Save the file as `workload-config.yaml`.

.. Apply the YAML by entering the following command:

+
----
oc apply -f workload-config.yaml 
----

. Verify that the remaining agents are deployed by entering the following command. In this example, the spare agent, `d9198891-39f4-4930-a679-65fb142b108b`, is provisioned:

+
----
oc -n ${HOSTED_CONTROL_PLANE_NAMESPACE} get agent -o jsonpath='{range .items[*]}BMH: {@.metadata.labels.agent-install\.openshift\.io/bmh} Agent: {@.metadata.name} State: {@.status.debugInfo.state}{"\n"}{end}'
----

+
See the following example output:

+
----
BMH: ocp-worker-2 Agent: 4dac1ab2-7dd5-4894-a220-6a3473b67ee6 State: added-to-existing-cluster
BMH: ocp-worker-0 Agent: d9198891-39f4-4930-a679-65fb142b108b State: installing-in-progress
BMH: ocp-worker-1 Agent: da503cf1-a347-44f2-875c-4960ddb04091 State: added-to-existing-cluster
----

> 

Reviewer: This can be removed

----

. To remove the node, delete the workload by entering the following command:

+
----
oc --kubeconfig ${HOSTED_CLUSTER_NAME}.kubeconfig -n default delete deployment reversewords
----

. Wait 10 minutes and then confirm that the node was removed by entering the following command:

+
----
oc --kubeconfig ${HOSTED_CLUSTER_NAME}.kubeconfig get nodes
----

+
See the following example output:

+
----
NAME           STATUS   ROLES    AGE   VERSION
ocp-worker-1   Ready    worker   51m   v1.24.0+3882f8f
ocp-worker-2   Ready    worker   52m   v1.24.0+3882f8f
----
//lahinson - June 2023 - Should the following command be preceded by a step? Or is it part of the example output?

+
----
oc -n ${HOSTED_CONTROL_PLANE_NAMESPACE} get agent -o jsonpath='{range .items[*]}BMH: {@.metadata.labels.agent-install\.openshift\.io/bmh} Agent: {@.metadata.name} State: {@.status.debugInfo.state}{"\n"}{end}'

BMH: ocp-worker-2 Agent: 4dac1ab2-7dd5-4894-a220-6a3473b67ee6 State: added-to-existing-cluster
BMH: ocp-worker-0 Agent: d9198891-39f4-4930-a679-65fb142b108b State: known-unbound
BMH: ocp-worker-1 Agent: da503cf1-a347-44f2-875c-4960ddb04091 State: added-to-existing-cluster

> ----

Reviewer: Remove
